Update Storefront Compatibility Documentation after SCP 4.8.0 release (#287)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/configuration/Storefront Compatibility Package/2.4.7.mdx

Most of these changes enhance the Adobe Commerce GraphQL schema. However, miscellaneous bugfixes are also included. The drop-in components require this package.

:::note[Note]

> This Storefront Compatibility Package can be installed on Adobe Commerce 2.4.7 only. It is included automatically in Adobe Commerce 2.4.8. Lower versions of Adobe Commerce are not supported. Magento Open Source is not supported.

Reviewer: I would rephrase it a bit
```suggestion
This Storefront Compatibility Package can be installed on Adobe Commerce 2.4.7 only. Fixes in this package are already included in Adobe Commerce 2.4.8. Lower versions of Adobe Commerce are not supported. Magento Open Source is not supported.
```

Author: Resolved
